Name: Piyush GARG
Student ID: S3218012

Name: Dibayendun N. Dey
Student ID: S3224807

Q1. Which Business Objects have I used?

Ans1. We had used all the Business Objects that are required in the System.
      Such as :
	1. Bd --> Bed Business Object
	2. Doctor --> Doctor Business Object
	3. DoctorPatientVisit -->Patient Visits Business Object
	4. Patient -->Patient Business Object
	5. User -->User Business Object


Q2. Why did I choose to create and choose them?

Ans2. We chose to create the above Business Objects because to Seperate the logic from the Application and make the 	use of: 
	1. Object Orientedness
	2. Code Extensibility

Q3. Explanation of my directory structure.

Ans3. We had used the appropriate directory structures for the Application
	1. AdminOperations
	2. App_Themes
	3. Booking Staff
	4. Business Objects
	5. DAL
	6. Images
	7. Presentation
	8. User Controls
	9. Error Handling

      We had planned to chose these Directory structure in order to seperate the functionality and logic; in order 		to make the program making more sense to any other user.
      Like:
	1. In AdminOperations we had implemented all the Admin pages which only admin has the rights to do.
	2. In App_Themes we had putten the seperate themes for Booking Staff and Admin to make the pages bit 				different.
	3. In Booking Staff we had implemented all the pages that are required by Staff Operations.
	4. In Business Objects we had implemented all the Business Objects that are required by the System, such as 		Doctor, Patient, User, Bed
	5. In DAL we had implemented the Data Logic Layer for every Business Objects Operation with the DataBase.
	6. In Images all the Images are contained.
	7. In Presentation we have all the Basic web pages for the system.
	8. In User Controls we had implemented all the User Controls or Custom Controls for the Web pages i.e. for 			Staff and Admin
	9. In Error Handling we had implemented the Custome Error pages such as "Error 404"


Q4. Have I designed a logout page?

Ans4. No, i had not implemented the Logout Page, as i had implemeted that in User Control because Logout 		functionality is required in many pages and have the same functionality.

Q5. How many C# coding guidelines have been adopted?

Ans5. We had used all the maximum possible conventions that was applicable to our application.


Q6. What AJAX Controls we had used?

Ans6. We had used:
	1. List Search Extender
	2. WaterMark Extender
	3. Tab Control
	4. Drop Down Extender
	5. Validation Extender
	6. Text Filtering Extender

